Adding readme to point to TypeChat.Net repository. (#177)
microsoft/TypeChat: dotnet/README.md

> To develop in .Net please follow the link to  [TypeChat.NET](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeChat.net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TypeChat for .NET

TypeChat in .NET and C# is currently available on a separate [TypeChat.NET repository](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeChat.net).
```
